R2s openmc workflow (#1355)
pyne/pyne: docs/usersguide/r2s.rst

PyNE R2S implements a Cartesian- and tetrahedral- mesh-based R2S method that
operates entirely on CAD geometry. This is accomplished using the Direct
Accelerated Geometry Monte Carlo (DAGMC) version of MCNP5, known as DAG-MCNP5

> [2]_ and the ALARA activation code [3]_. PyNE R2S is now support DAG-OpenMC [5]_.

Reviewer: I would add the mention of support for OpenMC in PyNE R2S in a new paragraph here.

PyNE R2S implements a Cartesian- and tetrahedral- mesh-based R2S method that
operates entirely on CAD geometry. This is accomplished using the Direct
Accelerated Geometry Monte Carlo (DAGMC) version of MCNP5, known as DAG-MCNP5
[2]_ and the ALARA activation code [3]_.
For Cartesian mesh, the CAD geometry must be discretized onto the mesh in order
to obtain material compositions in each mesh volume element for activation.
This is done using a ray-tracing technique. For both Cartesian and tetrahedral
meshes, mesh-based photon sampling is accomplished using MCNP5 compiled with a
custom source subroutine which utilizes the functionality of the
pyne.source_sampling module. PyNE R2S has been validated
using the Frascati Neutron Generator ITER benchmark problem, with close
agreement to experimental results [4]_.

> PyNE R2S is now support DAG-OpenMC [5]_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyNE R2S now supports DAG-OpenMC [5]_.
```

> PyNE R2S is now support DAG-OpenMC [5]_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PyNE R2S is now supports DAG-OpenMC [5]_.
```

source_1.h5m, source_2.h5m ... source_N.h5m

> Several information for source sampling are tagged in these *source_x.h5m*

Reviewer: These are nice updates, @zxkjack123. Great to see it laid out in the documentation.

files:

1. *e_bounds*, the energy boundaries (eV) of the photon source.
2. *decay_time*, the decay time (s) after shutdown.
3. *source_intensity*, the total photon source intensity of the specific decay
   time.
4. *r2s_source_file_version*, the version of the source file.
5. *cell_number*, the cell list in each mesh element.
6. *cell_fracs*, the cell volume fraction in the mesh element.

These source files with can now be used as sources for photon transport within
DAG-MCNP or DAG-OpenMC. Information on compiling/using a version of MCNP5 that
can utilize these mesh-based sources is found in the PyNE user's guide entry on
`mesh-based source sampling <http://pyne.io/usersguide/source_sampling.html#source-sampling-in-mcnp5>`_.

> Note that each of these source files must be renamed to "source.h5m" for this

Reviewer: > Note that each of these source files must be renamed to "source.h5m" for this
purpose.

This might be another nice upgrade in the future -- removing the restriction on the source filename. Not in this PR though :smiley:

source_1.h5m, source_2.h5m ... source_N.h5m

> Several information for source sampling are tagged in these *source_x.h5m*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A variety of information for source sampling is tagged in these *source_x.h5m*
```

These source files with can now be used as sources for photon transport within
DAG-MCNP or DAG-OpenMC. Information on compiling/using a version of MCNP5 that
can utilize these mesh-based sources is found in the PyNE user's guide entry on
`mesh-based source sampling <http://pyne.io/usersguide/source_sampling.html#source-sampling-in-mcnp5>`_.
Note that each of these source files must be renamed to "source.h5m" for this
purpose. By using these sources for photon transport, the shutdown dose rate
can be obtained. Tally results will have to be normalized by the total photon
source intentity, which can be found in the "total_photon_source_intensites.txt"
file printed out by r2s.py step2 or the *source_intensity* tag in *source.h5m*.

****************
PyNE R2S example
****************

Using a simple geometry as a example, here is how we perform R2S calculation.
The example geometry is composed of four cubes of size 10x10x10 cm\ :sup:`3`\ .
It consists of two different materials, the water (in blue) and the steel
(in red). The upper left cube (in white) is void. There is an isotropic
monoenergetic (14 MeV) neutron point source in the center of the bottom right

> cube. The model is irradiated by a neutron source with intensitiy of 1e10 n/s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cube. The model is irradiated by a neutron source with intensity of 1e10 n/s
```

> cube. The model is irradiated by a neutron source with intensity of 1e10 n/s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cube. The model is irradiated by a neutron source with an intensity of :math: `1 \times 10^{10}` neutrons / second.
```

Build the model using Trelis (TM) and set material group and export to `geom_without_material.h5m`.

> Prepare material library, build material library. The material lib is then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare material library, build material library. The material library is then
```

   $ r2s.py setup

Modify important parameters in the 'alara_params.txt' and 'config.ini' according to the problem.

> Both are two modes of R2S: the voxel R2S and sub-voxel R2S [6]_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two modes of R2S: the voxel R2S and sub-voxel R2S [6]_.
```
